If you were transported into the beginning
of A Quiet Place’s alien invasion, with
nothing but your lack of survival skills,
your empty supplies cabinet, and the leftover
food in your fridge, could you not just survive,
but fight back and win?
Intro (Background of Topic + What they’ll
learn / Open Loop)
In this video on Nerd Explains, I’ll tell
you: How to Kill, The Monsters from A Quiet
Place.
Know Thy Enemy
What’s the skinny on these monsters?
I’ve read the wiki, but some of that’s
a bit bullshit.
They are aliens that hitched a ride on an
asteroid that landed on Earth.
The most important piece of intel is that
they are blind-ish, and hunt by sound primarily.
Though their hearing is obscenely good, they
seem to get confused by sounds easily.
They can’t see, but they can use echolocation
to maneuver their environment and locate prey.
In the movie it’s a really rough form of
echolocation, as they can’t see very well,
but in real life if they had the echolocation
abilities of a bat, they could see you walking
around outside and murder you.
They have armor that is supposedly impenetrable,
but that’s most likely just for small arms
fire.
They can seemingly survive the vacuum of space
and don’t need oxygen.
We never see the monsters feed, but they have
to sustain themselves so let's assume they
do eat off screen, they have teeth and a mouth
afterall.
Oh, and they have superhuman speed, strength,
and sharp claws that can rip through armor.
What happened to our military?
A lot of people wonder why the military failed
to kill these monsters.
These things came down on an asteroid, most
likely more than one.
Which means they probably landed all over
the world, in lots of cities for all we know.
With the speed, durability, and stealth of
these monsters, they could spread all over
cities in short order.
Guerilla warfare is historically super effective.
This means we wouldn’t be able to fight
them on a front, nor would we be able to create
supply lines.
It’s hard to get choppers off the ground
when these creatures could shred them on the
landing pad, and even if we could, they’d
be hard to detect, and most likely would be
close proximity to innocent civilians.
Can’t exactly drop a hellfire missile into
the local Target parking lot or open up the
20mm cannon on the monsters while they are
shredding wage slaves that are stuck in rush
hour traffic.
We don’t know how many of these things there
are, and with how quickly they attacked we
wouldn’t be able to organize a defense strategy
factoring in their potential weaknesses.They
might hide from extremely loud noises (say,
tanks or massed groups of soldiers) and attack
only in isolated pockets or slip past them
to get to civilian populations.
Even if the military killed a ton, it wasn’t
enough.
But what if we guerilla warfare them back
like we did with the British?
Well the british wore red uniforms for camouflage
and walked down city streets singing and pounding
on drums in formation whilst being picked
off by farmers like Mel Gibson.
These are ninja space aliens that might even
pose a challenge to Riddick, just kidding,
Vin Diesel would trash them with a sick one-liner.
That only really works if you’re the minority
and can hide amongst the populations.
So our military is defeated, pockets of resistance
are all that’s left.
You are now solely responsible for your own
survival.
What precautions do we need to take when hunting
these monsters?
The first rule of a quiet place is to not
talk about a quiet place.
All the standard library rules apply.
The second rule is to not get pregnant or
have kids.
If you already broke the second rule, fear
not, you can sacrifice them as bait or diversions
before they get you killed by playing with
the Turboman they found in a store while you
were trying to find supplies so you could
put food on the fucking table so you all didn’t
die.
Third rule is to always have a pocket full
of lures, fireworks, rocks if you get snapped
up.
Luckily the monsters have a low IQ and if
they are inches from killing you and they
hear a kid pop a bottle rocket off in the
distance they will completely forget about
you.
Getting the Tools of the Trade
If you spread the map on the table, we can
pin some important locations for supplies
we’ll need.
Grocery stores, gas stations, hardware stores,
industrial equipment, national guard armories,
police station armories, etc.
Here’s a protip, don’t worry about getting
food or supplies when shit is going down.
Lay low for a month or so, your fat stores
will sustain you for a while.
Most people don’t watch videos like this,
they suck, they panic, they will get killed.
Once your neighbors all got themselves killed,
you can raid their houses.
Since these aliens don’t eat everything
they kill, there should be plenty of dead
wildlife around to throw on the grill as well,
or human meat if that’s what you’re into.
If you kill one of the creatures you could
eat their meat as well, though they look a
bit emaciated, but who knows, there’s probably
a lot of lean protein under that exoskeleton.
So the military is defeated, your neighbors
are all dead, things have gotten really quiet.
You generally know what the alien’s weaknesses
are, and supplies are bountiful around town.
It’s time to put monster meat back on the
menu.
Right before we jump in though, if you find
these types of videos entertaining, consider
clicking the like and subscribe buttons as
it really helps me to make more.
Firearms
We gotta acquire some military firearms.
Before you say oh nerd explains but those
make sounds and where are you gonna get them
this is a tiny IQ move, hold up.
These monsters might be resistant to AR15’s,
marksman rifles, and even Ma Deuce 50 cal
machine guns when in turtle mode.
But an AT4 84-mm unguided, portable, single-shot
recoilless smoothbore weapon firing high explosive
anti tank projectiles with 16.5 inches of
armor penetration via a high velocity jet
stream of molten liquid metal that is traveling
at ~25k miles an hour.
“But their armor is impenetrable”, as
Bronn in GOT said it, give me a clear line
of sight and an AT4, and i’ll penetrate
the bitch, something like that.
As to where to get it, Idk do national guard
armories have AT4’s?
If they do, then pop on a paramotor and fly
over to it.
Yah, a paramotor, one of the best most versatile
methods of transportation in the apocalypse.
It’s a bit noisy to start up, but you can
be in the air in seconds, and you can turn
the motor off before landing quietly.
I could go on about the paramotor but trust
me.
I wonder if you could fire a rocket launcher
from a paramotor.
Hmm.
Rocket launchers aside, they have a critical
weakness to any small arms a civilian could
obtain, and no it’s not a fucking hearing
aid.
See, these monsters stay turtled when they
hear loud noises, but when they get close
and their prey gets quiet, they drop their
shield exoskeleton so that they can tune in
and listen more closely.
That’s when you hit them with the pump,
right in the ear hole.
The hearing aid high frequency thing isn’t
necessary, but it’s helpful.
I’m kinda mad Sergeant Rita Vrataski and
Jack Ryan couldn’t figure this out earlier.
Since these monsters attack individually and
not like a pack of wolves, this makes things
easier.
Yes they are fast, but realistically you could
use cameras to find isolated monsters.
Place a radio or baby monitor if you broke
the second rule, in the middle of a field,
with a remote control raise the volume until
an isolated monster hears it, then lower the
volume until it’s barely audible one they
are close.
When they get super close, turn the radio
off.
This will draw the monster close, then make
them open their armor so they can listen more
closely to try to find what they think is
hiding prey.
The last thing they will hear is the click
of the trigger break before a .338 Lapua enters
their cranium and, since they’re armored,
that bullet will ping pong around their insides
turning their guts to soup.
If you broke the second rule we talked about
earlier, and your girl is pregnant or you
have a newborn, maybe you don’t want to
be popping off rocket propelled grenades and
ripping off belt-feds.
Or maybe you don’t want to draw every nearby
monster to your position.
What else can we use?
Poison Dart Air Guns.
Super quiet, use a similar formula as above,
except you’re going to need to get close.
The CIA used these as heart attack guns I
guess, it’s not relevant, just thought that
was interesting.
As far as what poison to use, honestly just
dip the dart in human shit.
It’s not like the monsters have healthcare
insurance and hospitals.
A shot into their exposed face would cause
a nasty infection that they can’t treat.
Same shit for bow and arrows.
These are accessible at your local sporting
goods store just like airguns, and are quiet
methods of creature killing.
Since the monster you’re attacking will
no doubt hear the bow launching the arrow,
you still only have 1 shot to get it right
just like with firearms.
The benefit to bows is that you don’t attract
every monster in a 3 mile radius.
Throwing Knives.
Again, you need to lure them in close, then
stay quiet, they will open their armor in
an attempt to tune in and hear you, that’s
when you stick em.
Okay this is mainly for showoffs going for
the kill of the year.
It’s obscenely dangerous as you need to
be within 7 yards unless you’re jason statham.
It’s unique in that it really makes no sound
at all to throw a knife.
They couldn’t really pinpoint where it was
thrown from.
If you miss, they will attack the noise where
the knife landed instead of you.
This is definitely for experts only.
Ewok Logs.
If you can silently cut two trees down, string
them up, lure the monster in between the two
tree logs, you can do the monsters like the
ewoks did that at-st’s.
Just don’t also use slingshots with rocks
like they did, that’s just suicide.
Explosives
We already discussed how an AT4 will splatter
these space aliens.
But C4 is also another tool.
But not in the way you might think.
The monster when turtled could potentially
survive a close proximity blast, but given
that the monsters are always using their ears
to hunt you, this presents another weakness
we can exploit.
Projectile weapons won’t be able to get
through the tiny cracks in their armor, but
air can.
Yes, air.
The overpressure caused by an explosive blast
will rupture any soft tissues.
The ears are the first organs to feel the
change in pressure.
That's what they're designed for, after all.
Ears are meant to allow people to sense minute
changes in air pressure - sound - over short
amounts of time.
As such, they're extremely sensitive to pressure,
especially with these monsters.
A wave of pressure that lasts less than .3
milliseconds leaves the eardrum no time to
adjust to changes in pressure, and simply
tears it.
Basically, the monster might survive the blast,
but their primary sensing organ for hunting
you, gets obliterated.
Now that they are deaf, they can be killed
much more easily.
As far as how to get C4 that close to them.
Baiting is easy.
Burt Gummer pioneered the RC car bomb in Tremors.
Napalm.
I know that the monsters are heat resistant
and don’t need oxygen for survival, but
it’s just easy to make and worth a shot,
all you need is gasoline and packing peanuts.
String up a bucket of homemade napalm above
a door home alone style.
Once the monster comes through the door, a
wire gets tripped, napalm gets dumped on the
monster, and a secondary torch gets lit.
It’s a macaulay culkin classic with a bit
more of an edge to it.
If the monster's ears are perked up as it
walks through the door and the lit napalm
gets under the armor, it could do some damage.
To kick it up a notch, you can add homemade
thermite to the mix, 4000 degree liquid metal
getting poured all over you would certainly
fuck up it’s day at the very least.
Electricity
Biological organisms and electricity don’t
bode well when combined.
Just ask Marv from home alone.
Since these monsters like to swim, once they
take a dip in a body of water, throw in the
toaster or clothing iron.
Or you could go high tech and fire up a generator
that’s hooked up to surrounding electrified
fences.
Once they try to get through the fence to
attack the noisy generator, they’ll get
a taste of that lightning.
Industrial Equipment
Rock crushers and wood chippers.
If you’re creative enough to find a way
to get one of these monsters into the mouth
of a rock crusher, it’s game over.
Those jaws are insanely powerful and even
if one of these monsters takes a swing at
it out of frustration at the noise, if that
limb gets caught in the jaws or the chipper,
mm.
Something about killing space aliens by repurposing
industrial equipment.
The Environment
Zombieland 2 had a great scene where they
funneled the zombies onto the rooftop of a
tall building, then Tallahassee leapt off
the edge and grabbed a crane hook that dangled
past the edge.
All the zombies jumped after him, falling
to their deaths.
These monsters don’t seem too smart, and
it doesn’t seem like their echolocation
is that accurate, so this is probably worth
a shot.
See, this is why you watch movies, so when
the apocalypse hits you have all these strategies
in mind.
Instructions are the same if you live near
a volcano or cliff.
In conclusion, I think with a little ingenuity,
some elbow grease, and a pile of plastic explosives
we could end this threat before we gave up
like those pussies John and Emily.
How would you kill the monsters in A Quiet
Place?
Do you agree with my selections, why or why
not?
Let me know in the comments.
And while you’re at it, let me know what
other movies or games you want me to cover
like this.
Thanks for watching, later.